# SEP10 Freedom Project
# Entry 2: The Research on My Topic (The Medical Industy)
##### 11/03/25
## What have I been doing?
 Since the last blog entry, I've been researching my topic on the medical industry which is stage 2. There are two parts to the research, Part A and Part B. Part A is to research medical technology that is used today. Part B is to research medical technology that could be invented and used in the future. Right now, I'm on Part A, and while researching, I found many software and hardware technologies regarding the medical industry. There are differences between software and hardware. Software consists of apps and websites that are used by computers to operate and process information. Hardware is physical electronics that you can touch and see, for example, computers, speakers, and phones. One important piece of software I found during my research was a app called [MyPlate](https://www.myplate.gov/app/shopsimple/desktop). This app is important because it shows you how to make amazing food while keeping prices low. The MyPlate app shows you how much you should be eating every day and how much nutrients you should be gaining each day. This app is amazing if you want healthy snacks and a healthy life. Another app I found since my last blog is called [Mindfulness Coach](https://mobile.va.gov/app/mindfulness-coach). Mindfulness Coach is an app developed with the help of veterans to help others practice mindfulness. The app includes audio exercises and sets goals over time. Another app I found that helps people with medical problems is called [Move! Coach](https://mobile.va.gov/app/move-coach). This app is made to be used by veterans, families, and people who want to learn how to lose weight. The app provides  information and lessons on how people can lose weight. Users can see their progress and control their goals. The app also has trackers that help people keep track of their daily eating and physical activity. It also gives people helpful resources to learn new things, like new exercises and how to eat healthy. One piece of hardware I found is called [A Contact Lens](https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/consumer-products/contact-lenses)  by the FDA. A contact lens is used by many people with vision problems. Contact lenses make it easier for people to use, and there are many different types of lenses for different needs or preferences. Another piece of hardware I found is called [Respiratory Devices](https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/products-and-medical-procedures/respiratory-devices) by the FDA. Respiratory devices are used by people who need help breathing. There are many different types of devices that help you breath, one of them is called a continuous ventilator. A continuous ventilator is a machine that helps a person control their breathing while giving them a specific amount of oxygen. This research will help me on the next step towards finishing my freedom project. 
 ## Engineering Design Process
 I am still on the second stage, which is to research for part B. For the second stage, **I want people to see examples of both physical technology and apps that are related or used in the medical industry.** I'm getting closer to stage 3, which is to brainstorm the solution to my problem. The problem I want to solve is that **people don't know that the world of technology is connected to the medical industry.**
 ## Skills
 There are some skills I learned while researching my topic. Some of those skills are **How  to organize**, and **How to read** I also improved on some skills while researching, like learning how to search things up on the internet better. 
 ### Organization 
 While researching for part A, I had to learn how to organize my notes so I could understand what I wrote. I also had to be organized to understand the website and what it was about. Before organizing my notes, I would just clump them together and I would always get confused about what I wrote. For example, when researching My Plate, I just took notes and pasted the link and picture onto my notes. But then the next day, I couldn't understand what I did, so I had to restart and I was very confused. I realized that I had to organize my notes by adding headings and descriptions about what I learned from the website. Because of my messy notes and not being able to read them i wasted a lot of time. So I decided to be organized and separate the notes by the website and the topics it talks about. This made it much easier to understand and do the research. 
 ### How to read
 While looking for websites for Part A, I read all the words on the website or took too long to look for a website, so it took a long time to find the right app or website. This is what I usually do to find information, but while researching, I started to notice that skimming and looking for keywords could make the process of finding websites and apps better and faster while still getting the same results. While researching for a contact lens website, I took a long time reading and trying to find information in the different sections of the website. But then I started to look for keywords like sight and eyes. It would give me the results that I wanted which made it possible for me to finish on time. 
 ## Summary/Next steps
 Overall, Im half way done with the research. But Im ready to research for Part B. Hopefully I will be able to find the information that I need when I research for part B. 
 
 

[Previous](entry01.md) | [Next](entry03.md)

[Home](../README.md)
